Release 1.9.0(develop) (#363)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: resources/release-notes.md

## April 2020

### Version 1.9.0

* Added a new section [SDKs and Modules][sdk-modules] in Resources.

> * Corrected `URL` links for Error and Problem sections for [Card Payments][card],
>   [Checkout][checkout] and [Swish Payments][swish].
> * Added new icon tag for table required checkmarks.
> * Added new flag images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Corrected problem `type` URIs for [Card Payments][card], [Checkout][checkout]
  and [Swish Payments][swish].
* Required checkmarks have a new, fresh look: {% icon check %}
* Flags now also sport a new look: ![nor][nor-flag] ![swe][swe-flag]
  [dan][dan-flag] ![fin][fin-flag]
```

[one-click]: /payments/card/other-features#one-click-payments
[payment-orders]: /checkout/other-features#creating-a-payment-order
[payments]: /payments

> [sdk-modules]: /resources/sdk-modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[sdk-modules]: /resources/sdk-modules
[nor-flag]: /assets/img/flag-norway.png
[swe-flag]: /assets/img/flag-sweden.png
[fin-flag]: /assets/img/flag-finland.png
[lat-flag]: /assets/img/flag-latvia.png
[lit-flag]: /assets/img/flag-lithuania.png
[est-flag]: /assets/img/flag-estonia.png
[dan-flag]: /assets/img/flag-denmark.png
```
